DOC Update daal4py -> scikit-learn-intelex reference (#26383)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/install.rst

Anaconda offers scikit-learn as part of its free distribution.

Intel Extension for Scikit-learn
-------------------

> Intel maintains an optimized x86 package, avaialbe in PyPi, conda main 
> and conda-forge:

Reviewer: I'm assuming this means "conda defaults channel", but I suspect that saying "conda" is enough:

```suggestion
Intel maintains an optimized x86 package, avaialbe in PyPi, conda 
and conda-forge:
```

.. prompt:: bash $

  conda install scikit-learn-intelex

This pacage can accelerate existing intalation of scikit-learn and comes 
with alternative solvers for some common estimators. Those solvers come 
from the oneDAL C++ library and are optimized for x86 architeture, 
delivering most of performance for multi-core Intel CPUs.

Note that those solvers are not enabled by default, please refer to the
`scikit-learn-intelex <https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/what-is-patching.html>`_ 
documentation for more details on usage scenarious.

.. prompt:: bash $

  from sklearnex import patch_sklearn
  patch_sklearn()

Compatibility with the standard scikit-learn solvers is checked by running the
full scikit-learn test suite via automated continuous integration as reported

> on https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex.

Reviewer: In regards of issues with the patch, I think it's good to point to `scikit-learn-intelex`'s issue tracker:

```suggestion
on https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex. If you observe any issues
with `scikit-learn-intelex`, please report the issue on their
`issue tracker <https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex/issues>`__.
```

Anaconda offers scikit-learn as part of its free distribution.

Intel Extension for Scikit-learn
--------------------------------

Intel maintains an optimized x86_64 package, available in PyPI (via `pip`),
and in the `main`, `conda-forge` and `intel` conda channels:

.. prompt:: bash $

  conda install scikit-learn-intelex

This package can accelerate an existing installation of scikit-learn and comes 

> with alternative solvers for some common estimators. Those solvers come 

Author: Well, it's ether not an alternative version of scikit as it can't be used as standalone package - scikit-learn package is required to work. 
Previous version was talking about daal4py package which does provide some estimators with scikit-learn like API. But with scikit-learn-intelex it's technically doing what we are saying here - based on existing scikit-learn instance replacing some estimator calls. 

Also from versioning and API changes perspective - user code should adhere to base scikit-learn version to to scikit-learn-intelex versioning.

> with alternative solvers for some common estimators. Those solvers come 

Reviewer 2: How about this then:

> This package has an Intel optimized version of many estimators. Whenever an
> alternative implementation doesn't exist, scikit-learn implementation is used as
> a fallback. The optimized solvers come from ....

> with alternative solvers for some common estimators. Those solvers come 

Author: yes, let's use this version

Anaconda offers scikit-learn as part of its free distribution.

> Intel Extension for Scikit-learn
> -------------------

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Intel Extension for Scikit-learn
--------------------------------
```

> Intel maintains an optimized x86 package, avaialbe in PyPi, conda 
> and conda-forge:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Intel maintains an optimized x86_64 package, available in PyPI (via `pip`),
and in the `main`, `conda-forge` and `intel` conda channels:
```

.. prompt:: bash $

  conda install scikit-learn-intelex

> This pacage can accelerate existing intalation of scikit-learn and comes 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This package can accelerate an existing installation of scikit-learn and comes 
```

with alternative solvers for some common estimators. Those solvers come 
from the oneDAL C++ library and are optimized for x86 architeture, 

> delivering most of performance for multi-core Intel CPUs.

Reviewer 3: I prefer the original statement which is less ambiguous and more factual:

```suggestion
and are optimized for multi-core Intel CPUs.
```

Note that those solvers are not enabled by default, please refer to the
`scikit-learn-intelex <https://intel.github.io/scikit-learn-intelex/what-is-patching.html>`_ 

> documentation for more details on usage scenarious.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
documentation for more details on usage scenarios.
```

.. prompt:: bash $

  from sklearnex import patch_sklearn

>   patch_sklearn()

Author: Updated with explicit export example

Compatibility with the standard scikit-learn solvers is checked by running the
full scikit-learn test suite via automated continuous integration as reported

> on https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex. If you observe any issues

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
on https://github.com/intel/scikit-learn-intelex. If you observe any issue
```

use singular to be consistent with the second part of the sentence.
